Have the goals of the system been defined? How exactly?
Have the problems been defined? How exactly?
Have the benefits been defined? How exactly?
Have the basic shareholders been defined? How exhaustive?
Have additional shareholders been defined? How exhaustive?
Are external shareholders defined? How exhaustive?
Have the core users been determined? How exhaustive?
Have additional users been identified? How exhaustive?
Have user tasks been specified? How exactly?
Have all the required functions been defined? How exhaustive?
Does each feature have a complete description? How exhaustive?
Have features been assigned to users? How precisely?
Have inputs been defined? How precisely?
Is the output defined? How precisely?
Is stored data defined? How precisely?
Are the methods of data processing defined? How precisely?
Have the core processes been defined? How exactly?
Are basic operations defined? In how much detail?
Is the system architecture specified? In how much detail?
Is the operating environment of the system specified? How precisely?
Are there any other interoperable systems? How exhaustive?
Is there a way to interact with the user? How precisely?
Is the user interface example shown? In how much detail?
Are there any interfaces to other systems? How precisely?
Are there requirements for processing time?
Are there any requirements for response time?
Have potentially parallel processes been identified?
Have potentially parallel operations been identified?
Has the number of users using the system at the same time been estimated?
Have you estimated the number of transactions per unit of time?
Has the initial number of records (files) been estimated?
Has the increase in records (files) of data been estimated?
Has the volume of data been estimated?
Is data archiving planned?
Have the optimal requirements for the equipment been determined?
Are there minimum requirements for the hardware?
Has the permissible loss of performance under suboptimal conditions been determined?
Have the optimal requirements for the software been determined?
Are there minimum requirements for the software?
Has the maximum number of users been estimated?
Has the maximum number of transactions per unit of time been estimated?
Is it planned to expand the system when the maximum values are exceeded?
Has the maximum number of records (files) been estimated?
Has the maximum data volume been estimated?
Are there any emergency situations?
Have emergency responses been defined?
Are critical situations foreseen?
Have critical responses been specified?
Is there a way to prevent failures?
Has there been a way to minimize the effects of failures?
Is the required level of user fault tolerance specified?
Are there measures in place to minimize the possibility of user error?
Are there any specific methods for verifying your data?
Are there any specific ways to repair the data?
Are there any ways to verify the processing results?
Are there any ways to deal with processing errors?
Have you identified threats from the system to the user?
Has the risk been assessed in this aspect?
Are there any security measures in this aspect?
Have system threats to other systems been identified?
Have threats to the system been identified from users?
Have you identified threats to your system from other systems?
Is there a verification of input data?
Is there a verification of the output?
Is it possible to view the stored data?
Is it possible to verify the stored data?
Are there any control procedures?
Are there any test procedures?
Is there a hardware platform on which the system will run?
Is it possible to run on different hardware platforms?
Is there a specific operating system on which the system will run?
Is it possible to run on different operating systems?
Are import file formats specified?
Are there any export file formats specified?
Are acceptable (different) database systems specified?
Are there language versions for Western countries? How much?
Are there language versions for other European countries? How much?
Are there language versions for Middle Eastern countries? How much?
Are there language versions for the Far Eastern countries? How much?
Is there a change in the date format?
Is there a change in the time format?
Is there a change in the number format?
Is there a change in the currency symbol and its position?
Is there a change in quotation marks?
Is it possible for the user to write macros (scripts)?
Is the macro (script) language specified?
Is there a possibility of introducing additives?
Is there a specific language for writing add-ons?
Is there an interface for add-ons?
Is there a choice of file format?
Is there a possibility to change the database system?
Is it possible to change the layout of the windows?
Is it possible to change the appearance of windows?
Is there a possibility to choose a user profile?
Is there a way to configure menus?
Is there a way to configure toolbars?
Is there a way to configure keyboard shortcuts?
Is there a system architecture configuration to be adjusted during installation?
Is there a system architecture configuration adjustment after installation?
Are the goals adequate to the problems?
Are the goals adequate to the benefits?
Are the features fit for purpose?
Have the requirements been evaluated by the customer? How high?
Have the requirements been evaluated by future users? How high?
Have the requirements been assessed by the contractors? How high?
Are there any requirements for the interface to be compliant with the standards?
Is the expected way of working up to standards?
Are there any hints for the user?
Are there explanations for inexperienced users?
Is there a system of assistance?
Is autofill provided?
Is there an autocorrect?
Has the scope of the aid scheme been defined?
Is the scope of the hint system specified?
Is there any technical support for the user?
Is the expected way of working consistent with the current way of working?
Is it planned to produce a demo version?
Are there any plans to produce teaching programs?
Are training courses planned?
Is it possible to perform certain activities automatically?
Is there a possibility to record and repeat user commands?
Is there a possibility of recording and repeating a sequence of commands?
Are there hints?
Are there any means of autocorrection or autocompletion?
Are there any keyboard shortcuts?
Is the mouse properly functional?
Was the requirements specification made in accordance with the standards?
Have requirements been separated from design decisions (proposals)?
Has a prototype been made?
Have the requirements been analyzed and accepted by the customer?
Have the requirements been accepted by users?
Have the requirements been analysed and accepted by the contractor?
Are the declared goals internally consistent?
Are the requirements consistent with the goals?
Are the required features internally consistent?
Are functional requirements not in conflict with performance requirements?
Are performance requirements not in conflict with credibility requirements?
Are the performance requirements not in conflict with the required flexibility?
Does each requirement have a description?
Are the requirements descriptions short?
Is the vocabulary in the descriptions understandable?
Has a glossary been included? Is it useful?
Is the use of synonyms and abbreviations limited?
Do more complicated descriptions have additional graphical explanation?
Are the necessary external sources of information referenced?
Do functional requirements leave room for the contractor?
Do non-functional requirements leave room for the contractor?
Are there executives among the shareholders?
Have executives set goals?
Have all the goals been accepted?
Does the contract specify the possibility of renegotiating the client's requirements?
Does the contract specify the possibility of renegotiating the requirements on the part of the contractor?
Have the goals been linked to shareholders?
Are the requirements linked to the goals?
Are the functional requirements interrelated?
Have functional requirements been linked to non-functional ones?
Are non-functional requirements interrelated?
Have the functional requirements been numbered (identified with identifiers)?
Have non-functional requirements been numbered (identified with identifiers)?
Do all functional requirements have specific results?
Are all non-functional requirements specifically specified?
Are the acceptance criteria specified?
Are there conditions for testing for emergency situations?
Are the requirements for critical situations testable?
Are the failure requirements testable?
Do the requirements refer to non-existent or inaccessible systems?
Do the requirements not refer to non-existent legal solutions?
Do the requirements not refer to unspecified development opportunities?
Have all the classes in the glossary been identified?
Have all classes from the requirements specification been identified?
Have all classes from additional sources been identified?
Have all the properties in the glossary been identified?
Have all properties from the requirements specification been identified?
Have all properties from additional sources been identified?
Have all the possibilities from the glossary been identified?
Have all the possibilities from the requirements specification been identified?
Have all the opportunities from additional sources been identified?
Are property types specified?
Are multiplicity properties specified?
Are property values (default/calculated expressions) specified?
Have stereotypes of possibility been defined?
Are arguments specified?
Are types of results specified?
Are enumeration types defined?
Are structural types defined?
Are interface types defined?
Have generalized classes been identified?
Have specialized classes been identified?
Has the full class hierarchy been identified?
Have aggregation classes been identified?
Is the obligation/optionality of the relationship specified?
Is the multiplicity of the relationship defined?
Have associations between classes been identified?
Are the names of the associations specified
Has the direction of the association been determined
Have all identified classes been specified?
Does each class have a short description?
Have all identified properties been specified?
Do the specified properties have a complete specification?
Have all identified opportunities been specified?
Do the specified capabilities have a complete specification?
Have all identified relationships been specified?
Do the specified relationships have a complete specification?
Are the classes correctly defined?
Are the properties correctly defined?
Are the possibilities correctly defined?
Are the relationships correctly defined?
Are the parameters correctly defined?
Are the types correctly defined?
Was the class model made according to the standards?
Was the class diagram made according to formal rules?
Was the class specification made in accordance with the standards?
Are all classes related by relationships?
Are properties that illustrate relationships defined?
Are class diagrams consistent?
Is there one consistent class diagram?
Are the class names consistent with the names in the requirements specification?
Are the property names consistent with the names in the requirements specification?
Are the capability names consistent with the names in the requirements specification?
Are the relationship types and names consistent with the requirements specification?
Does each property have a short description?
Does each option have a short description?
Does each account have a short description?
Are the descriptions understandable?
Are the names understandable?
Aren't they too long?
Are synonyms solved correctly?
Are generalized types used?
Is there a generalized notation of container types?
Aren't generalized classes too specifically?
Aren't aggregation classes defined in too much detail?
Aren't the diagrams too tightly drawn?
Does the specification allow for easy addition/removal of classes?
Do classes have glossary references?
Do properties have specific references?
Do the capabilities have specific references?
Do relationships have specific references?
Do classes have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Do relationships have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Are all users mapped into actors?
Are there still some actors missing?
Are all functional requirements mapped in use cases?
Are there still some use cases missing?
Have generalized actors been identified?
Have specialized actors been identified? Or exhaustive?
Is the relationship between generalized and specialized actors shown?
Have generalized use cases been identified?
Have specialized use cases been identified? Or exhaustive?
Are the relationships between generalized and specialized cases shown?
Have complex use cases been identified?
Have component use cases been identified? Or exhaustive?
Are the relationships between complex and component cases shown?
Have you identified extensible use cases?
Have extensible component use cases been identified? Or exhaustive?
Have all identified actors been specified?
Does each actor have a short description?
Have all identified use cases been specified?
Do the specified use cases have a complete specification?
Are the use cases defined correctly?
Are the actors defined correctly?
Are the relationships of actors and use cases correctly defined?
Was the use case model made to standards?
Was the use case diagram made according to formal rules?
Is the use case specification done to the standards?
Is every actor connected to some kind of use case?
Is each use case connected to an actor (even indirectly)?
Is the specification consistent with the diagram?
Are the use cases aligned with the functional requirements?
Do the actor definitions match the user definitions?
Do actor definitions appear as classes in the class model?
Are use cases tied to the respective capabilities of the actors?
Does each use case have a brief description?
Does the specification allow for easy addition/removal of elements?
Do the use cases have references to functional requirements?
Do use cases have references between them?
Do use cases have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Do actors have separate IDs in addition to their names?
Does each case have a specific interaction?
Are there still some interactions missing?
Is every actor a shareholder in the interaction?
Are the defined system components involved in the interaction?
Aren't there any shareholders missing?
Is all the data passed mapped in the messages?
Are the feedback messages (confirmations, replies, notifications) specified?
Are there any other messages missing?
Does each message have a specific effect?
Are all flow conditions fixed?
Does every message from an actor have a feedback message?
Have all identified interactions been specified?
Does each interaction have specific circumstances?
Does each interaction have a specific purpose?
Does every interaction have a short description?
Are interactions defined correctly?
Are the shareholders of the interaction correctly defined?
Are message flows valid?
Was the interaction model made according to standards?
Were the interaction diagrams made according to formal rules?
Was the interaction specification made in accordance with formal rules?
Do the names and classes used in all interactions match each other?
Is the message flow internally consistent?
Do the number and classes of actors in interactions and use cases match each other?
Does the interaction content match the descriptions of the use cases?
Do the definitions of interaction participants conform to the requirements specification?
Do the message definitions conform to the requirements specification?
Do interaction participant definitions appear as classes in the class model?
Does message processing have the right capabilities for recipients?
Are messages related to events?
Are sequence and collaboration diagrams compatible with each other?
Do the interactions have references to use cases/functional requirements?
Do interactions have mutual references?
Do interactions have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Do messages have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Does each case have a specific activity?
Are there any other activities missing?
Does each shareholder (animated) have their own area of responsibility?
Is each activity in a specific area of responsibility?
Is there an interface for each transition between activity areas?
Is there a specific start for each flow?
Is there an end for each flow?
Is each reflowing condition specified?
Have all identified activities been specified?
Does each activity have specific circumstances?
Does each activity have a specific goal?
Does each activity have a short description?
Are the activities defined correctly?
Are the shareholders of the activity correctly defined?
Are activity flows correct?
Was the activity model made in accordance with the standards?
Were the activity diagrams made according to formal rules?
Was the activity specification made in accordance with formal rules?
Do the names and classes used in all activities match each other?
Is the flow of activity internally consistent?
Do the amount and names of activities and use cases match?
Does the activity content match the descriptions of the use cases?
Do the definitions of activity participants comply with the requirements specification?
Are the activity flows aligned with the requirements specification?
Do activity participant definitions appear as classes in the class model?
Do the activities have the right capabilities for the audience?
Are activity transitions related to events?
Do the activities have references for use cases/functional requirements?
Do activities have mutual references?
Do activities have separate IDs in addition to names?
Do interfaces have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Have all active classes been identified?
Are state machines defined for all active classes?
Are the required recessed state machines defined?
Have all active class states been identified?
Have all property related states been identified?
Have all capability states been identified?
Have all the states related to message forwarding been defined?
Is there an initial state for each state machine?
Have all message forwarding events been identified?
Have all termination events been identified?
Have all temporal events been identified?
Have all exceptional events been identified?
Does every event have a transition?
Does every pass have an event?
Do transitions with the same events from the same state have conditions?
Are there any required actions for transitions?
Is there a specification for each machine?
Does each state machine have a short description?
Have all identified states been specified?
Do the specified states have a complete specification?
Have all identified events been specified?
Do the specified events have a complete specification?
Have all identified passages been specified?
Do the specified passages have a complete specification?
Are state machines correctly defined?
Are states defined correctly?
Are the events correctly defined?
Are transitions correctly defined?
Was the state model made to standards?
Was the state diagram made according to formal rules?
Was the condition specification made in accordance with the standards?
Are all state diagrams internally consistent?
Are the recessed state machines consistent with the parent ones?
Are the state names consistent with the names in the requirements specification?
Are the event names consistent with the names in the requirements specification?
Are the action names consistent with the requirements specification?
Are state machines assigned to classes?
Are class properties defined to store states?
Are event classes defined?
Have capabilities been defined to handle events?
Have the capabilities corresponding to the actions been defined?
Does each state have a short description?
Does each event have a short description?
Does each passage have a short description?
Do state machines have class references?
Do states have specific references?
Do the events have specific references?
Do the transitions have specific references?
Do state machines have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Do states have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Do events have separate IDs in addition to names?
Are association names specified?
Has the direction of association been determined?
Is there a component defined for each functional requirement?
Have all the relationships between components been identified?
Have all classes been assigned to components?
Have all components been specified?
Does each component have a short description?
Are the component specifications complete?
Are component definitions correct?
Was the component model made to standards?
Was the component diagram made according to formal rules?
Was the component specification made in accordance with formal rules?
Are all components related by relationships?
Aren't dependencies cyclical?
Is the component model consistent with the functional requirements?
Is the component model consistent with the class model?
Is the component model consistent with the functional model?
Are there any diagrams?
Is the division into modules (packages) appropriate?
Does the specification allow for easy addition/removal of components?
Do the components have references to the requirements specification?
Do components have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Have all forms resulting from the functional model been defined?
Have all forms resulting from the data model been defined?
Are basic dialogues defined?
Are auxiliary dialogues defined?
Are basic reports defined?
Are secondary reports defined?
Is there a definition of navigation between forms?
Are user commands defined?
Is there a menu structure defined?
Are toolbars defined?
Have navigation diagrams been made?
Are navigation diagrams complete?
Have drafts of forms been made?
Are the form designs complete?
Have draft reports been prepared?
Are the draft reports complete?
Have all commands been specified?
Does each command have a short description?
Are the command specifications complete?
Have all forms been specified?
Does each form have a short description?
Are the form specifications complete?
Have all reports been specified?
Does each report have a short description?
Are the report specifications complete?
Are the form definitions correct?
Are the dialogue definitions correct?
Are the report definitions correct?
Are the control definitions correct?
Is the user interface design done according to standards?
Were the designs of the I.U. components made in accordance with the formal rules?
Was the specification of the components i.u. made in accordance with the formal rules?
Are all components of the I.U related by relationships?
Is the i.u. design consistent with the requirements specification?
Is the i.u. design consistent with the static model?
Is the i.u. design consistent with the functional model?
Does each i.u. component have a short description?
Is the division into components of the I.U. appropriate?
Does the specification allow for easy addition/removal of i.u. components?
Do the components have the appropriate references?
Do i.u. components have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Are persistent classes defined?
Is there a data structure defined for each persistent class?
Have all relationships between data structures been identified?
Have you created data structure diagrams?
Are data structure diagrams complete?
Have all data structures been specified?
Does each data structure have a short description?
Are the specifications of the data structures complete?
Are the data structure definitions correct?
Is the data structure model made in accordance with the standards?
Was the data structure diagram made according to formal rules?
Was the specification of the data structures made according to formal rules?
Are all data structures related by relationships?
Is the data structure model consistent with the requirements specification?
Is the data structure model consistent with the class model?
Is the division into data modules appropriate?
Does the specification allow easy addition/removal of data structures?
Do the data structures have the right references?
Do data structures have separate identifiers in addition to names?
Have all the objectives of the system been achieved?
Are the issues resolved?
Have the benefits been provided?
Have the requirements of the core shareholders been met?
Have the requirements of additional shareholders been met?
Have the requirements of external shareholders been met?
Have the requirements of the basic users been met?
Have the requirements of additional users been met?
Is all user tasks assured?
Have all the required features been implemented?
Has each feature been implemented completely?
Have the features been properly assigned to users?
Are all data inputs (all files) implemented?
Have all data outputs (all files) been implemented?
Have all stored data (tables, files) been implemented?
Have all data processing methods been implemented?
Have all processes been implemented?
Have all operations been implemented?
Has the full system architecture been implemented?
Does the system work in the assumed work environment?
Has interoperability with other systems been implemented?
Is the user interface (all windows/dialogs) fully implemented?
Is the UI functionality appropriate?
Have the interfaces to other systems been fully implemented?
Is the processing time appropriate?
Is the response time adequate?
Have parallel processes been used?
Have parallel operations been used?
Is the number of users using the system at the same time appropriate?
Is the number of transactions handled per unit of time appropriate?
Is the initial number of records (files) of data appropriate?
Is the increment of records (files) of data appropriate?
Is the data volume appropriate?
Have data archiving and data dearchiving been implemented?
How does the system work with equipment that meets optimal requirements?
How does the system work with equipment that meets the minimum requirements?
Is it acceptable to lose performance under optimal conditions?
How does the system work with software that meets optimal requirements?
How does the system work with software that meets the minimum requirements?
How does the system work with a large number of users?
How does the system work with a large number of transactions per unit of time?
Is it possible to expand the system in this regard?
How does the system work with a large number of records (files)?
How does the system work with a large volume of data?
Is the system functioning properly under normal conditions?
Is the number of errors acceptable?
Does the system handle emergencies correctly?
Have all emergencies been tested?
Is the system handling critical situations correctly?
Have all critical situations been tested?
Are you in place to prevent failures?
Have mechanisms been implemented to minimize the effects of failures?
Is the system adequately resilient to user errors?
Have measures been implemented to minimize the possibility of user error?
Have data verification methods been implemented?
Have you implemented ways to repair your data?
Have you implemented ways to verify the processing results?
Are there any ways to deal with processing errors?
Have security methods been implemented in this aspect?
Has input validation been implemented?
Has output validation been implemented?
Has the ability to preview stored data been implemented?
Has the ability to verify stored data been implemented?
Have control procedures been implemented?
Have test procedures been implemented?
Can the system run on different hardware platforms?
Or all the required ones?
Can the system run in different software environments?
Have you implemented the import of files in all required formats?
Has you implemented the export of files in all required formats?
Has the ability to exchange data with different systems been implemented?
Have language versions for Western countries been implemented?
Have language versions for other European countries been implemented?
Have languages for Middle Eastern countries been implemented?
Have language versions for Far Eastern countries been implemented?
Is the ability to change the date format implemented?
Has the ability to change the time format been implemented?
Has the ability to change the number format been implemented?
Has the ability to change the currency symbol and its position implemented?
Has the ability to change quotation marks been implemented?
Has the ability to write macros (scripts) by the user been implemented?
Has a macro (scripting) language specification been created?
Has the ability to introduce add-ons been implemented?
Has an add-on writing language specification been created?
Have you created an interface specification for add-ons?
Is there a way to choose the format of the files to be saved?
Has the ability to change the database system been implemented?
Has the ability to change the layout of windows been implemented?
Has the ability to change the appearance of windows been implemented?
Is the ability to select a user profile implemented?
Is the ability to configure menus implemented?
Is the ability to configure toolbars implemented?
Is the ability to configure keyboard shortcuts implemented?
Has the system architecture configuration adjustment been implemented during installation?
Has the system architecture configuration adjustment been implemented after installation?
Are the implemented functions adequate for specific problems?
Are the implemented functions adequate to the expected benefits?
Are the implemented functions adequate to the goals?
Has the implementation been evaluated by the customer? How high?
Has the implementation been evaluated by users? How high?
Is the implemented interface compliant with the standards?
Is the implemented way of working compliant with the standards?
Have user hints been implemented?
Have explanations for inexperienced users been implemented?
Has a support system been implemented?
Has autocomplete been implemented?
Has autocorrect been implemented?
Is the scope of the aid scheme adequate?
Is the scope of the hint system appropriate?
Have user support measures been implemented?
Is the implemented way of working consistent with the current one?
Has a demo been implemented?
Have training programs been implemented?
Have training courses been organized?
Is the ability to perform certain actions automatically implemented?
Is the ability to record and repeat user commands implemented?
Is the ability to record and repeat sequences of commands implemented?
Have hints been implemented?
Have autocorrects or autocompletes been implemented?
Have keyboard shortcuts been implemented?
Have you implemented the appropriate mouse functionality?
Have all the features been implemented correctly?
Does the user interface have the correct functionality?
Are the interfaces to other systems working properly?
Has the implementation been tested and accepted by experts?
Has implementation documentation been made?
Is the implementation documentation compliant with the standards?
Is the implementation documentation understandable?
Have test documentation been provided?
Are the functions performed in the same way in different modules?
Is the interface look the same in different modules?
Is the functionality of the interface in different modules the same?
How were functional and performance requirements reconciled?
How were performance and reliability requirements reconciled?
How are performance requirements reconciled with the required flexibility?
Is the way the function is implemented understandable?
Does the way the interface is set up make it easier to understand the functionality?
Was the implementation done in a modular way?
Is the division into modules appropriate?
Are the dependencies between modules appropriate?
Are execution modules used?
Is the division into executive modules appropriate?
Are the dependencies between the execution modules appropriate?
Is the source code available?
Is the source code consistent with the documentation?
Is the source code formatted according to standards?
Is the source code understandable?
Is the implementation linked to the project?
Is the implementation linked to the requirements specification?
Have the implemented functions been properly interconnected?
Have functional implementations been linked to functional implementations?
Are the functional implementations interrelated?
Are the input and output conditions of the operation specified
Have the input and output conditions of the processes been specified?
Is there a specific way to test for emergencies?
Is it possible to test critical situations?
Is it possible to test emergency situations?

